# More About Me

---
Hi, I am Charles Kanoy, but I tend to go by Chuck. Growing up, my dad was in the Air Force, so I've had to move around a bit. Fortunately, I haven't had to move nearly as much as some of my friends at the time. This has brought me to be more adaptive to changing social environments and curriculum.

One hobby I picked up growing up that I still return to from time to time is origami, the ancient art of paper folding. It is intriguing that I can take something as mundane as a piece of paper and turn it into a work of art. I think this plays a part in my passion for developing software. Software development grants me the ability to create something from nothing. Computers as a whole interest me from the highest level down to the lowest. I've enjoyed working on personal projects since the middle of high school, sharpening my skills and creating newer better projects every time I return to the keyboard. Other things that interest me include, but are not limited to, reading, writing, playing video games, watching movies, and practicing improv comedy.

At NDSU, I was a board member of my improv club, TBD Comedy. In that club, I had a wonderful time making people laugh. We had a few excursions in that time to Minneapolis and even Regina, Canada, performing with other improvisers at an improv festival hosted by the University of Regina. We performed about every other Saturday hosting various games similar to those you can find on *Who's Line Is It Anyway?* During my junior year, we even started a tradition of putting on an annual, live-streamed "Improvathon", accepting donations from our stream as a fundraiser for the club. In addition to performing every other Saturday, I also wrote the meeting minutes and managed finances to keep our status with the university as high as possible. I thoroughly enjoyed learning how to overcome stagefright and enjoy myself on stage even when I have no idea what direction the show will go next.

My philosophy is to be a student of life, so any point of frustration or confusion I look at as a learning opportunity to optimize my life and become the best version of myself possible. Given enough time and effort, I believe that any adversity can be overcome.
